Investment is a business activity that most people are interested in in this globalization era. There are several objects that are often used for investment, for example, gold, stocks, and property. In particular, property investment has increased significantly since 2011, both on-demand and property selling. One of the increases in property demand is because of the high population in Indonesia. Indonesian Central Bureau of Statistics states that in East Java 50% of the population of East Java classified as a young population who have age approximately 30 years old. The result of this census indicates that the younger generation will need a house or buy a house in the future. Based on preliminary research conducted, there are two standards of house price which are valid in buying and selling transaction of a house that is house price based on the developer (market selling price) and price based on Value of Selling Tax Object (NJOP). According to Lim, et al the fundamental problem for a developer is to determine the selling price of a house. In determining the price of a home, the developer must calculate carefully and determine the appropriate method because property prices always increase continuously and almost never fall in the long term or short. There are several approaches that can be used to determine the price of the house, one of them is the prediction analysis











Analytical Problem Framing
•	Data Sources and their formats
In this use case, The sample data is provided to us from our client database, which contains information about different properties.
The dataset consists of 1460 rows and 81columns, and there are several categorical as well as numerical columns present in the dataset providing various information about properties.
 
•	Hardware and Software Requirements and Tools Used
1.	The software required for the project is Anaconda, 
2.	IDE required is Jupyter Notebook.
3.	The Libraries used are as follows
4.	Pandas Library:- Pandas data frames allow you to store and manipulate tabular data in rows of observations and columns of variables.
 
1.	Numpy Library:- NumPy is a python library used for working with arrays.
 
1.	Seaborn Library:- Seaborn is a library for making statistical graphics in Python. It builds on top of matplotlib and integrates closely with panda's data structures.
Seaborn helps us explore and understand our data. Its plotting functions operate on data frames and arrays containing whole datasets and internally perform the necessary semantic mapping and statistical aggregation to produce informative plots. Its dataset-oriented, declarative API lets us focus on what the different elements of your plots mean, rather than on the details of how to draw them.
 
1.	Matplotlib.pyplot Library :- matplotlib. pyplot is a collection of functions that make matplotlib work like MATLAB. Each pyplot function makes some change to a figure: e.g., creates a figure, creates a plotting area in a figure, plots some lines in a plotting area, decorates the plot with labels, etc.
