Regularly we check our emails, not all the emails which came to our mail account will appear
into inbox. Many of them go to spam or junk folders.
“Ever wondered how it was happening?” 
How the mails are classified and sent to inbox or spam folder based on the email text? 
Before any email reaching your inbox, Google is using their own email classifier, which will
identify whether the received email need to send to inbox or spam.
If you are still thinking about how the email classifier works don't worry.
 In this article, we are going to build an email spam classifier in python that classifies the given
mail is spam or not.
There are a number of ways to build email classifier using Natural Language Processing different
algorithms. But in this article, we are going to use the nltk library to build the email
classifier.
Spam Mails :- Email spam, also referred to as junk email, is unsolicited messages sent in bulk
by email.The name comes from a Monty Python sketch in which Spam is ubiquitous, unavoidable, and
repetitive. Email spam has steadily grown since the early 1990s, and by 2014 was estimated to
account for around 90% of total email traffic.
Since the expense of the spam is borne mostly by the recipient, it is effectively advertising. This
makes it an excellent example of a negative externality.
The legal definition and status of spam varies from one jurisdiction to another, but nowhere have
laws and lawsuits been particularly successful in stemming spam.
Problem Definition :-
Spam is sent by both reputable organizations and lesser companies. When spam is sent by
reputable companies it is sometimes referred to as Mainsleaze. Mainsleaze makes up
approximately 3% of the spam sent over the internet. The problem with mainsleaze is that it is
generally mixed in with mail that the recipients asked for, and it is difficult to tell the difference
using traditional mail filters. As a result, if a mail system filters out all the mail from a
mainsleazer, they will get complaints from the people who signed up.
It was estimated in 2009 that spam cost businesses around US$130 billion. As the scale of the
spam problem has grown, ISPs and the public have turned to government for relief from spam,
which has failed to materialize.
Spam is also a medium for fraudsters to scam users into entering personal information on fake
Web sites using emails forged to look like they are from banks or other organizations, such
as PayPal. This is known as phishing. Targeted phishing, where known information about the
recipient is used to create forged emails, is known as spear-phishing